hi everybody thank you for watching in
today's video I'm going to show you how
i got this makeup look right here it's
definitely a little bit more dramatic so
I would recommend this for a night out
feel free to do any lip color with this
look since it's pretty neutral on the
eyes as far as colors you can really use
any lip color and I think it would look
great I decided to go for a bold lip and
do a bright red because it's been a
really long time since I've done a video
with red lips so if you guys want to see
how I got this look please keep watching
first I'm using the color fresh from the
tamanna' palette by Anastasia Beverly
Hills my first time using this palette
and I was actually very pleasantly
surprised at how pigmented it was I'm
just applying this all over my eyelids
sorry if I sound sick again my allergies
are really bad today but moving on I'm
going to be doing my eyeliner next and
I'm using by Sigma the color wicked and
for this look since I'm doing the cut
the crease I'm going to do a very long
line and have it go out straight
normally I would wing it up a little bit
but again for this look you just wanted
to go out straight
next up with the smaller brush up using
the colored chocolate and I'm going to
start outlining where I want the
eyeshadow to be in the crease I always
like using a smaller brush first that
way you can get a nice straight line and
then I'm going to be picking up my
pencil brush to really blend it out
I'm grabbing a little bit more of that
same shadow and I'm going to slowly
smudge out that line and give it a nice
blended look
you
then picking up a tiny bit of the color
bangle and a blending brush I'm going to
be blending right above the line
For Lashes I'm using da me up by the
lore and for Breast Cancer Month they
have them in these pretty pink packaging
and they are donating one dollar for
every pair of lashes sold in October so
I do have a 15% off code which I will
list below
then picking up the color sangria from
the same palette and my pencil brush I'm
applying this right on my lower lash
line or my outer part of my lower lash
line I'm using the color chocolate and
then I'm picking up a tiny bit of that
black shade as well
moving on to lips I'm using this red lip
liner from la girl
and for lipstick I'm using fire engine
by Gerard cosmetics such a beautiful
matte red shade it's definitely my new
favorite red I do have a 25% off code
which I will list below as well I'm
applying a little bit of bronzer all
over my face this one is by Laura
Mercier
next I'm applying my blush this one is
by Revlon and the color wine not then to
highlight I'm using this new beautiful
one from Becca I'm not exactly sure the
name but I will list it on my blog as
usual
you
so this is the final result I hope you
guys enjoyed this video thank you guys
so much for watching and until next time
I'll see you guys later